I am most proud of the overall aesthetic that I was able to make my website, I wanted something pretty and artistic to go along with the purpose of my site, but still easy to navigate and not so hectic that it becomes overwhelming to look at. I think it reflects my personality a lot and that is an important objective I had when creating it, since I am displaying my own personal artworks on it. The color combination of the different shades of mellow purple and darker greys / blacks work well with each other and add a nice pop while also being muted enough to not cause eye strain to the viewer. My favorite design choice that I did was to add the line breaks. It does a good job at breaking up and grouping information together to make it more cohesive while also being a fun addition!

In the future, I would like to play around with scripts and how to impliment more complex components to a website with it. I tried to look online and see what cool things I could add to give my website an extra flare to it, but was struggling with the code working the way it should have. It was probably some kind of error in the way I had written it out or maybe there were conflicting lines from the code I had already established, but I would like to get to the point where I could add a game or a generator of some sort to a website of my own. I'd also like to explore Bootstrap more and what fun things could come out of that!

I am going to college for a media arts degree so I can definitely see the things I have learned from this class being useful to me in the future. I may end up specifying in web design if things don't quite go the way I hope. Finding fulfilling work in art that pays the bills can be a struggle so it is nice to have something to lean back on if need be! 